PSPDFKit for iOS ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
---------------------------------

PSPDFKit uses several open source 3rd-party components. This file needs to be inside your application bundle.
Adding this text file to your about screen under "Attribution" to be user-visible optional but recommended.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## BASE64 (http://www.opensource.apple.com/source/libresolv/libresolv-51/base64.c)

Copyright © 1996-1999 by Internet Software Consortium.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND INTERNET SOFTWARE CONSORTIUM DISCLAIMS
ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTERNET SOFTWARE
CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR
PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
SOFTWARE.

Portions Copyright © 1995 by International Business Machines, Inc.

International Business Machines, Inc. (hereinafter called IBM) grants
permission under its copyrights to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
Software with or without fee, provided that the above copyright notice and
all paragraphs of this notice appear in all copies, and that the name of IBM
not be used in connection with the marketing of any product incorporating
the Software or modifications thereof, without specific, written prior
permission.

To the extent it has a right to do so, IBM grants an immunity from suit
under its patents, if any, for the use, sale or manufacture of products to
the extent that such products are used for performing Domain Name System
dynamic updates in TCP/IP networks by means of the Software.  No immunity is
granted for any product per se or for any other function of any product.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", AND IBM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL IBM BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL,
DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN
IF IBM IS APPRISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Boost (http://www.boost.org/)

Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## botan (http://botan.randombit.net/)

Copyright (C) 1999-2013,2014,2015 Jack Lloyd
                2001 Peter J Jones
                2004-2007 Justin Karneges
                2004 Vaclav Ovsik
                2005 Matthew Gregan
                2005-2006 Matt Johnston
                2006 Luca Piccarreta
                2007 Yves Jerschow
                2007-2008 FlexSecure GmbH
                2007-2008 Technische Universitat Darmstadt
                2007-2008,2010,2014 Falko Strenzke
                2007-2008 Martin Doering
                2007 Manuel Hartl
                2007 Christoph Ludwig
                2007 Patrick Sona
                2008 Copyright Projet SECRET, INRIA, Rocquencourt
                2008 Bhaskar Biswas and Nicolas Sendrier
                2008 Google Inc.
                2010 Olivier de Gaalon
                2012 Vojtech Kral
                2012-2014 Markus Wanner
                2013 Joel Low
                2014 cryptosource GmbH
                2014 Andrew Moon
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Breakpad (https://chromium.googlesource.com/breakpad/breakpad/)

Copyright (c) 2006, Google Inc.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution.
    * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## ColorPicker (https://github.com/RSully/RSColorPicker)

Copyright © 2011, Ryan (RSully) All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

ColorPicker (https://github.com/RedBearLab/iOS/tree/master/Examples/BLE%20RGB/BLE%20RGB/ColorPickerClasses)
Copyright © 2011, Benjamin Guest.
All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

-Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
-Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
-Neither the name of Benjamin Guest nor the names of its
 contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## cppformat (https://github.com/cppformat/cppformat)

Copyright (c) 2012 - 2015, Victor Zverovich

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
    list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## cxx-prettyprint (https://louisdx.github.io/cxx-prettyprint/)

Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## EasyExif (https://github.com/mayanklahiri/easyexif)

Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Mayank Lahiri
mlahiri@gmail.com
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## FlatBuffers (https://github.com/google/flatbuffers)

                                Apache License
                        Version 2.0, January 2004
                    http://www.apache.org/licenses/

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.

    "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
    and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

    "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
    the copyright owner that is granting the License.

    "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
    other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
    control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
    "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
    direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
    otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
    outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

    "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
    exercising permissions granted by this License.

    "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
    including but not limited to software source code, documentation
    source, and configuration files.

    "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
    transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
    not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
    and conversions to other media types.

    "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
    Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
    copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
    (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

    "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
    form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
    editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
    represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
    of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
    separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
    the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

    "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
    the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
    to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
    submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
    or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
    the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
    means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
    to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
    communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
    and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
    Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
    excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
    designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

    "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
    on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
    subsequently incorporated within the Work.

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
    this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
    worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
    copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
    publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
    Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
    this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
    worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
    (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
    use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
    where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
    by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
    Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
    with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
    institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
    cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
    or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
    or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
    granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
    as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
    Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
    modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
    meet the following conditions:

    (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
        Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

    (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
        stating that You changed the files; and

    (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
        that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
        attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
        excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
        the Derivative Works; and

    (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
        distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
        include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
        within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
        pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
        of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
        as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
        documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
        within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
        wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
        of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
        do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
        notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
        or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
        that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
        as modifying the License.

    You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
    may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
    for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
    for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
    reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
    the conditions stated in this License.

5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
    any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
    by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
    this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
    Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
    the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
    with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
    names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
    except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
    origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
    agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
    Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
    implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
    of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
    PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
    appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
    risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
    whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
    unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
    negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
    liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
    incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
    result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
    Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
    work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
    other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
    has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
    the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
    and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
    or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
    License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
    on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
    of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
    defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
    incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
    of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

    To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
    boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
    replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
    the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
    comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
    file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
    same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
    identification within third-party archives.

Copyright 2014 Google Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## fmdb (https://github.com/ccgus/fmdb)

Copyright © 2008 Flying Meat Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## fmt (http://fmtlib.net/)

Copyright (c) 2012 - 2016, Victor Zverovich

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## IGListKit (https://github.com/Instagram/IGListKit)

BSD License

For `IGListKit` software

Copyright © 2016, Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

 * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

 * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

 * Neither the name Facebook nor the names of its contributors may be used to
   endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
   prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## libjpeg-turbo (http://www.libjpeg-turbo.org)

This software is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Mantle (https://github.com/Mantle/Mantle)

Copyright © 2012 - 2014, GitHub, Inc. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

This project uses portions of code from the Proton framework. Proton is Copyright © 2012, Bitswift, Inc. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Neither the name of the Bitswift, Inc. nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## The Anti-Grain Geometry Project (http://www.antigrain.com/)

The Anti-Grain Geometry Project
A high quality rendering engine for C++
http://antigrain.com

Anti-Grain Geometry - Version 2.4
Copyright (C) 2002-2005 Maxim Shemanarev (McSeem)

Permission to copy, use, modify, sell and distribute this software
is granted provided this copyright notice appears in all copies.
This software is provided "as is" without express or implied
warranty, and with no claim as to its suitability for any purpose.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## C++ Big Integer Library (https://mattmccutchen.net/bigint/)

I, Matt McCutchen, the sole author of the original Big Integer Library, waive my
copyright to it, placing it in the public domain.  The library comes with
absolutely no warranty.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Chromium (https://www.chromium.org/Home)

Copyright 2015 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

   * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
   * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution.
   * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## FreeType (www.freetype.org)

This software is based in part of the work of the FreeType Team


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# jsimdext.inc

Copyright 2009 Pierre Ossman <ossman@cendio.se> for Cendio AB
Copyright (C) 2010, D. R. Commander.

Based on the x86 SIMD extension for IJG JPEG library - version 1.02

Copyright (C) 1999-2006, MIYASAKA Masaru.

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
arising from the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
   claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
   in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
   appreciated but is not required.
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
   misrepresented as being the original software.
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## libpng (http://www.libpng.org/pub/png/libpng.html)

This copy of the libpng notices is provided for your convenience.  In case of
any discrepancy between this copy and the notices in the file png.h that is
included in the libpng distribution, the latter shall prevail.

COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE:

If you modify libpng you may insert additional notices immediately following
this sentence.

This code is released under the libpng license.

libpng versions 1.0.7, July 1, 2000 through 1.6.26, October 20, 2016 are
Copyright (c) 2000-2002, 2004, 2006-2016 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, are
derived from libpng-1.0.6, and are distributed according to the same
disclaimer and license as libpng-1.0.6 with the following individuals
added to the list of Contributing Authors:

   Simon-Pierre Cadieux
   Eric S. Raymond
   Mans Rullgard
   Cosmin Truta
   Gilles Vollant
   James Yu

and with the following additions to the disclaimer:

   There is no warranty against interference with your enjoyment of the
   library or against infringement.  There is no warranty that our
   efforts or the library will fulfill any of your particular purposes
   or needs.  This library is provided with all faults, and the entire
   risk of satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy, and effort is with
   the user.

Some files in the "contrib" directory and some configure-generated
files that are distributed with libpng have other copyright owners and
are released under other open source licenses.

libpng versions 0.97, January 1998, through 1.0.6, March 20, 2000, are
Copyright (c) 1998-2000 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, are derived from
libpng-0.96, and are distributed according to the same disclaimer and
license as libpng-0.96, with the following individuals added to the list
of Contributing Authors:

   Tom Lane
   Glenn Randers-Pehrson
   Willem van Schaik

libpng versions 0.89, June 1996, through 0.96, May 1997, are
Copyright (c) 1996-1997 Andreas Dilger, are derived from libpng-0.88,
and are distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as
libpng-0.88, with the following individuals added to the list of
Contributing Authors:

   John Bowler
   Kevin Bracey
   Sam Bushell
   Magnus Holmgren
   Greg Roelofs
   Tom Tanner

Some files in the "scripts" directory have other copyright owners
but are released under this license.

libpng versions 0.5, May 1995, through 0.88, January 1996, are
Copyright (c) 1995-1996 Guy Eric Schalnat, Group 42, Inc.

For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Contributing Authors"
is defined as the following set of individuals:

   Andreas Dilger
   Dave Martindale
   Guy Eric Schalnat
   Paul Schmidt
   Tim Wegner

The PNG Reference Library is supplied "AS IS".  The Contributing Authors
and Group 42, Inc. disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied,
including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability and of
fitness for any purpose.  The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc.
assume no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary,
or consequential damages, which may result from the use of the PNG
Reference Library, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.

Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
source code, or portions hereof, for any purpose, without fee, subject
to the following restrictions:

  1. The origin of this source code must not be misrepresented.

  2. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such and must not
     be misrepresented as being the original source.

  3. This Copyright notice may not be removed or altered from any
     source or altered source distribution.

The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. specifically permit, without
fee, and encourage the use of this source code as a component to
supporting the PNG file format in commercial products.  If you use this
source code in a product, acknowledgment is not required but would be
appreciated.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## libtiff (http://www.libtiff.org/)

Copyright (c) 1988-1997 Sam Leffler
Copyright (c) 1991-1997 Silicon Graphics, Inc.

Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and 
its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided
that (i) the above copyright notices and this permission notice appear in
all copies of the software and related documentation, and (ii) the names of
Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics may not be used in any advertising or
publicity relating to the software without the specific, prior written
permission of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY 
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  

IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND,
OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE 
OF THIS SOFTWARE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Little CMS (http://www.littlecms.com/)

Copyright (c) 1998-2011 Marti Maria Saguer

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## OpenJPEG (http://www.openjpeg.org/)

The copyright in this software is being made available under the 2-clauses 
BSD License, included below. This software may be subject to other third 
party and contributor rights, including patent rights, and no such rights
are granted under this license.

Copyright (c) 2002-2014, Universite catholique de Louvain (UCL), Belgium
Copyright (c) 2002-2014, Professor Benoit Macq
Copyright (c) 2003-2014, Antonin Descampe
Copyright (c) 2003-2009, Francois-Olivier Devaux
Copyright (c) 2005, Herve Drolon, FreeImage Team
Copyright (c) 2002-2003, Yannick Verschueren
Copyright (c) 2001-2003, David Janssens
Copyright (c) 2011-2012, Centre National d'Etudes Spatiales (CNES), France 
Copyright (c) 2012, CS Systemes d'Information, France

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS `AS IS'
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# zlib (http://www.zlib.net/)

Copyright (C) 1995-2013 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
arising from the use of this software.
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
freely, subject to the following restrictions:
1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
appreciated but is not required.
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
misrepresented as being the original software.
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.
Jean-loup Gailly        Mark Adler
jloup@gzip.org          madler@alumni.caltech.edu
The data format used by the zlib library is described by RFCs (Request for
Comments) 1950 to 1952 in the files http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc1950
(zlib format), rfc1951 (deflate format) and rfc1952 (gzip format).


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Pdfium (https://pdfium.googlesource.com/)

Copyright 2014 PDFium Authors. All rights reserved.

   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
   met:

   * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
   * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
   copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
   in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
   distribution.
   * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its
   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
   this software without specific prior written permission.

   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
   "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
   LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
   A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
   OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
   SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
   LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
   DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
   THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
   (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
   OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## PorterTokenizer (https://github.com/mozilla/releases-comm-central/blob/master/mailnews/extensions/fts3/src/Normalize.c)

Modified file can be obtained by emailing legal@pspdfkit.com

This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## SQLite (https://www.sqlite.org/)

All of the deliverable code in SQLite has been dedicated to the public domain by
the authors. All code authors, and representatives of the companies they work
for, have signed affidavits dedicating their contributions to the public domain
and originals of those signed affidavits are stored in a firesafe at the main
offices of Hwaci. Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell,
or distribute the original SQLite code, either in source code form or as a
compiled binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
means.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## SQLiteCpp (http://srombauts.github.io/SQLiteCpp/)

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Sebastien Rombauts (sebastien.rombauts@gmail.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished
to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##  XMP Toolkit SDK (http://www.adobe.com/devnet/xmp.html)

Copyright (c) 1999 - 2010, Adobe Systems Incorporated All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
  other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of Adobe Systems Incorporated, nor the names of its
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
  software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

